At last. It's you.
Miss, um...
Yeah, don't even try. I'm not available.
Try. With you.
In your dreams, you narcissist.
I must be out of my mind if I thought that guy could be my childhood sweetheart.
Elise!
There is something that you need to know.
What's going on?
Your childhood sweetheart?
He sent a messenger.
And he said that he can't keep his promise to marry you, because he's in love with somebody else.
Did he leave a number, or...
I feel like we should meet face to face.
No. No. The messenger said that he wanted nothing to do with you, and he even took back the pocket watch he gave you.
I guess that promise only meant something to me.
Sorry, Elise. I'm not turning down my chance to be filthy rich.
Well, on the bright side, you're free from that stupid little promise, right?
It was never stupid to me.
Eleanor, where did you get that necklace?